Add instructions on RC installation (#12280)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/source/llms/tracing/index.rst

FAQ
---

Q: Can I disable and re-enable tracing globally?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Yes. 

There are two fluent APIs that are used for blanket enablement or disablement of the MLflow Tracing feature in order to support 

> users who may not wish to record interactions with their LangChain models for a brief period, or if they have concerns about long-term storage 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
users who may not wish to record interactions with their trace-instrumented models for a brief period, or if they have concerns about long-term storage 
```

nit: As we will adds more integration with other libraries, we may want to avoid explicit mention of `LangChain` unless it is actually applied to LC only.

Author: Great point. Removing LangChain references!
